Expand DocC: config-type reference, rebalances/events, error handling, observability (#248)
swift-server/swift-kafka-client: Sources/Kafka/Kafka.docc/ConsumingMessages.md

While a partition is paused, the consumer stops fetching records for it but continues to participate in the group, including heartbeats and rebalances.

### Observe rebalances

When the membership of a consumer group changes — a consumer joins, leaves, or fails — Kafka redistributes the group's partitions across the remaining members. This is a *rebalance*. ``KafkaConsumer`` performs the assign and unassign automatically and surfaces a ``KafkaConsumerRebalance`` notification through the ``KafkaConsumerEvents`` sequence, so you can react — for example, by committing offsets for partitions that are moving away.

> Create the consumer with ``KafkaConsumer/makeConsumerWithEvents(config:logger:)`` and iterate the event sequence alongside the messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates the consumer with ``KafkaConsumer/makeConsumerWithEvents(config:logger:)`` and iterates the event sequence alongside the messages:
```
